Fix/Improve UR robots ROS support (#1423)
cyberbotics/webots: projects/robots/universal_robots/resources/ros_package/ur_e_webots/README.md

For starting up RViz with a configuration including the MoveIt! Motion Planning plugin, run the following launch file (from the `universal_robot` ROS package):

```
roslaunch ur5_moveit_config moveit_rviz.launch config:=true
```

## Multi Robots

> If your simulation use more than one robot using the `universal_robots_ros` controller, the `---node-name` controller arguments should be set to avoid name clashes between nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your simulation uses more than one robot running the `universal_robots_ros` controller, the `---node-name` controller arguments should be set to avoid a name clash between nodes.
```
